fix(bil): reviews 13/08 MTA-4944 (#3589)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/sql-databases/reference-content/known-differences.mdx

    DISCARD ALL;
    ```

> - `pg_advisory_lock` command can be used, but the lock is not guaranteed. As a consequence, third-party tools that use this feature, such as Terraform when storing [Terraform state using pg backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/pg) are not fully supported. State locking is not guaranteed if multiple Terraform clients are editing the same state concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pg_advisory_lock` command can be used, but the lock is not guaranteed. Consequently, third-party tools that use this feature, such as Terraform when storing [Terraform state using pg backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/pg), are not fully supported. State locking is not guaranteed if multiple Terraform clients edit the same state concurrently.
```
